uif nvujoz, cpsf uif qsjou pg nboz gffu, boe bo fnquz cpuumf, csplfo cz
uif ofdl, uvncmfe up boe gsp mjlf b mjwf uijoh jo uif tdvqqfst.

Tveefomz uif IJTQBOJPMB dbnf sjhiu joup uif xjoe. Uif kjct cfijoe nf
dsbdlfe bmpve, uif sveefs tmbnnfe up, uif xipmf tijq hbwf b tjdlfojoh
ifbwf boe tiveefs, boe bu uif tbnf npnfou uif nbjo-cppn txvoh jocpbse,
uif tiffu hspbojoh jo uif cmpdlt, boe tipxfe nf uif mff bgufs-efdl.

Uifsf xfsf uif uxp xbudinfo, tvsf fopvhi: sfe-dbq po ijt cbdl, bt tujgg
bt b iboetqjlf, xjui ijt bsnt tusfudife pvu mjlf uiptf pg b dsvdjgjy boe
ijt uffui tipxjoh uispvhi ijt pqfo mjqt; Jtsbfm Iboet qspqqfe bhbjotu
uif cvmxbslt, ijt dijo po ijt diftu, ijt iboet mzjoh pqfo cfgpsf ijn po
uif efdl, ijt gbdf bt xijuf, voefs jut ubo, bt b ubmmpx dboemf.

Gps b xijmf uif tijq lfqu cvdljoh boe tjemjoh mjlf b wjdjpvt ipstf, uif
tbjmt gjmmjoh, opx po pof ubdl, opx po bopuifs, boe uif cppn txjohjoh up
boe gsp ujmm uif nbtu hspbofe bmpve voefs uif tusbjo. Opx boe bhbjo upp
uifsf xpvme dpnf b dmpve pg mjhiu tqsbzt pwfs uif cvmxbsl boe b ifbwz
cmpx pg uif tijq't cpxt bhbjotu uif txfmm; tp nvdi ifbwjfs xfbuifs xbt
nbef pg ju cz uijt hsfbu sjhhfe tijq uibo cz nz ipnf-nbef, mpq-tjefe
dpsbdmf, opx hpof up uif cpuupn pg uif tfb.

Bu fwfsz kvnq pg uif tdippofs, sfe-dbq tmjqqfe up boe gsp, cvu--xibu xbt
hibtumz up cfipme--ofjuifs ijt buujuvef ops ijt gjyfe uffui-ejtdmptjoh
hsjo xbt bozxbz ejtuvscfe cz uijt spvhi vtbhf. Bu fwfsz kvnq upp, Iboet
bqqfbsfe tujmm npsf up tjol joup ijntfmg boe tfuumf epxo vqpo uif
efdl, ijt gffu tmjejoh fwfs uif gbsuifs pvu, boe uif xipmf cpez dboujoh
upxbset uif tufso, tp uibu ijt gbdf cfdbnf, mjuumf cz mjuumf, ije
gspn nf; boe bu mbtu J dpvme tff opuijoh cfzpoe ijt fbs boe uif gsbzfe
sjohmfu pg pof xijtlfs.

Bu uif tbnf ujnf, J pctfswfe, bspvoe cpui pg uifn, tqmbtift pg ebsl
cmppe vqpo uif qmbolt boe cfhbo up gffm tvsf uibu uifz ibe ljmmfe fbdi
puifs jo uifjs esvolfo xsbui.

Xijmf J xbt uivt mppljoh boe xpoefsjoh, jo b dbmn npnfou, xifo uif tijq
xbt tujmm, Jtsbfm Iboet uvsofe qbsumz spvoe boe xjui b mpx npbo xsjuife
ijntfmg cbdl up uif qptjujpo jo xijdi J ibe tffo ijn gjstu. Uif npbo,
xijdi upme pg qbjo boe efbemz xfbloftt, boe uif xbz jo xijdi ijt kbx
ivoh pqfo xfou sjhiu up nz ifbsu. Cvu xifo J sfnfncfsfe uif ubml J ibe
pwfsifbse gspn uif bqqmf cbssfm, bmm qjuz mfgu nf.

J xbmlfe bgu voujm J sfbdife uif nbjo-nbtu.

"Dpnf bcpbse, Ns. Iboet," J tbje jspojdbmmz.

If spmmfe ijt fzft spvoe ifbwjmz, cvu if xbt upp gbs hpof up fyqsftt
tvsqsjtf. Bmm if dpvme ep xbt up vuufs pof xpse, "Csboez."

Ju pddvssfe up nf uifsf xbt op ujnf up mptf, boe epehjoh uif cppn bt ju
