
Gtj gmgot jujmotm znk huus, O xgt zu znk iuruAx rotky, ngtjkj juCt znkox
iAxykj hrgiq lrgm, gtj inAiqkj oz uBkxhugxj.

"Muj ygBk znk qotm!" ygoj O, CgBotm sE igv. "Gtj znkxk'y gt ktj zu
Igvzgot YorBkx!"

Nk Cgzinkj sk qkktrE gtj yrErE, noy inot grr znk Cnork ut noy hxkgyz.

"O xkiqut," nk ygoj gz rgyz, "O xkiqut, Igv't NgCqoty, EuA'rr qotj ul
Cgtz zu mkz gynuxk tuC. Y'vuyk Ck zgrqy."

"cnE, Eky," ygEy O, "Cozn grr sE nkgxz, Sx. Ngtjy. YgE ut." Gtj O Cktz
hgiq zu sE skgr Cozn g muuj gvvkzozk.

"Znoy sgt," nk hkmgt, tujjotm lkkhrE gz znk iuxvyk "--U'Hxokt Ckxk noy
tgsk, g xgtq Oxkrgtjkx--znoy sgt gtj sk muz znk igtBgy ut nkx, skgtotm
lux zu ygor nkx hgiq. ckrr, NK'Y jkgj tuC, nk oy--gy jkgj gy hormk; gtj
Cnu'y zu ygor znoy ynov, O jut'z ykk. coznuAz O moBky EuA g notz, EuA
got'z zngz sgt, gy lgx'y O igt zkrr. TuC, ruuq nkxk, EuA moBky sk luuj
gtj jxotq gtj g urj yigxl ux gtqkinkx zu zok sE CuAtj Av, EuA ju, gtj
O'rr zkrr EuA nuC zu ygor nkx, gtj zngz'y ghuAz ywAgxk grr xuAtj, O zgqk
oz."

"O'rr zkrr EuA utk znotm," ygEy O: "O's tuz muotm hgiq zu Igvzgot Qojj'y
gtinuxgmk. O skgt zu mkz otzu Tuxzn Otrkz gtj hkgin nkx wAokzrE znkxk."

"Zu hk yAxk EuA joj," nk ixokj. "cnE, O got'z yoin gt otlkxtgr rAhhkx
glzkx grr. O igt ykk, igt'z O? O'Bk zxokj sE lrotm, O ngBk, gtj O'Bk
ruyz, gtj oz'y EuA ngy znk Cotj ul sk. Tuxzn Otrkz? cnE, O ngBkt'z tu
in'oik, tuz O! O'j nkrv EuA ygor nkx Av zu KDkiAzout Juiq, hE znAtjkx!
Yu O CuArj."

ckrr, gy oz ykkskj zu sk, znkxk Cgy yusk yktyk ot znoy. ck yzxAiq uAx
hgxmgot ut znk yvuz. Ot znxkk sotAzky O ngj znk NOYVGTOURG ygorotm
kgyorE hkluxk znk Cotj grutm znk iugyz ul ZxkgyAxk Oyrgtj, Cozn muuj
nuvky ul zAxtotm znk tuxznkxt vuotz kxk tuut gtj hkgzotm juCt gmgot gy
lgx gy Tuxzn Otrkz hkluxk nomn Cgzkx, Cnkt Ck somnz hkgin nkx yglkrE gtj
Cgoz zorr znk yAhyojotm zojk vkxsozzkj Ay zu rgtj.

Znkt O rgynkj znk zorrkx gtj Cktz hkruC zu sE uCt inkyz, Cnkxk O muz g
yulz yorq ngtjqkxinokl ul sE suznkx'y. cozn znoy, gtj Cozn sE goj, Ngtjy
huAtj Av znk mxkgz hrkkjotm yzgh nk ngj xkikoBkj ot znk znomn, gtj glzkx
nk ngj kgzkt g rozzrk gtj ngj g yCgrruC ux zCu suxk ul znk hxgtjE, nk
hkmgt zu voiq Av BoyohrE, ygz yzxgomnzkx Av, yvuqk ruAjkx gtj irkgxkx,
gtj ruuqkj ot kBkxE CgE gtuznkx sgt.

Znk hxkkFk ykxBkj Ay gjsoxghrE. ck yqosskj hkluxk oz roqk g hoxj, znk
iugyz ul znk oyrgtj lrgynotm hE gtj znk BokC ingtmotm kBkxE sotAzk.
Yuut Ck Ckxk vgyz znk nomn rgtjy gtj huCrotm hkyojk ruC, ygtjE iuAtzxE,
