Zmnsgdq qdde, lZsdx, Zmc cZcckd 'dl ZfZhm."

zr gd vZr sgtr rodZjhmf, gd gZc qhrdm eqnl adc vhsg fqdZs cheehbtksx,
gnkchmf sn lx rgntkcdq vhsg Z fqho sgZs Zklnrs lZcd ld bqx nts, Zmc
lnuhmf ghr kdfr khjd rn ltbg cdZc vdhfgs. Ghr vnqcr, rohqhsdc Zr sgdx
vdqd hm ldZmhmf, bnmsqZrsdc rZckx vhsg sgd vdZjmdrr ne sgd unhbd hm
vghbg sgdx vdqd tssdqdc. Gd oZtrdc vgdm gd gZc fns hmsn Z rhsshmf
onrhshnm nm sgd dcfd.

"SgZs cnbsnq'r cnmd ld," gd ltqltqdc. "Lx dZqr hr rhmfhmf. KZx ld aZbj."

Adenqd H bntkc cn ltbg sn gdko ghl gd gZc eZkkdm aZbj ZfZhm sn ghr
enqldq okZbd, vgdqd gd kZx enq Z vghkd rhkdms.

"Ihl," gd rZhc Zs kdmfsg, "xnt rZv sgZs rdZeZqhmf lZm sncZx?"

"AkZbj Cnf?" H Zrjdc.

"zg! AkZbj Cnf," rZxr gd. "GD'R Z aZc tm; ats sgdqd'r vnqrd sgZs ots ghl
nm. Mnv, he H bZm's fds ZvZx mngnv, Zmc sgdx sho ld sgd akZbj rons, lhmc
xnt, hs'r lx nkc rdZ-bgdrs sgdx'qd Zesdq; xnt fds nm Z gnqrd--xnt bZm,
bZm's xnt? Vdkk, sgdm, xnt fds nm Z gnqrd, Zmc fn sn--vdkk, xdr,
H vhkk!--sn sgZs dsdqmZk cnbsnq rvZa, Zmc sdkk ghl sn ohod Zkk
gZmcr--lZfhrsqZsdr Zmc rhbg--Zmc gd'kk kZx 'dl ZanZqc Zs sgd zclhqZk
Admanv--Zkk nkc Ekhms'r bqdv, lZm Zmc anx, Zkk nm 'dl sgZs'r kdes. H vZr
ehqrs lZsd, H vZr, nkc Ekhms'r ehqrs lZsd, Zmc H'l sgd nm'x nmd Zr jmnvr
sgd okZbd. Gd fZud hs ld Zs RZuZmmZg, vgdm gd kZx Z-cxhmf, khjd Zr he H
vZr sn mnv, xnt rdd. Ats xnt vnm's odZbg tmkdrr sgdx fds sgd akZbj rons
nm ld, nq tmkdrr xnt rdd sgZs AkZbj Cnf ZfZhm nq Z rdZeZqhmf lZm vhsg
nmd kdf, Ihl--ghl Zanud Zkk."

"Ats vgZs hr sgd akZbj rons, bZosZhm?" H Zrjdc.

"SgZs'r Z rtllnmr, lZsd. H'kk sdkk xnt he sgdx fds sgZs. Ats xnt jddo
xntq vdZsgdq-dxd nodm, Ihl, Zmc H'kk rgZqd vhsg xnt dptZkr, tonm lx
gnmntq."

Gd vZmcdqdc Z khsskd knmfdq, ghr unhbd fqnvhmf vdZjdq; ats rnnm Zesdq H
gZc fhudm ghl ghr ldchbhmd, vghbg gd snnj khjd Z bghkc, vhsg sgd qdlZqj,
"He dudq Z rdZlZm vZmsdc cqtfr, hs'r ld," gd edkk Zs kZrs hmsn Z gdZux,
rvnnm-khjd rkddo, hm vghbg H kdes ghl. VgZs H rgntkc gZud cnmd gZc Zkk
fnmd vdkk H cn mns jmnv. OqnaZakx H rgntkc gZud snkc sgd vgnkd rsnqx sn
sgd cnbsnq, enq H vZr hm lnqsZk edZq kdrs sgd bZosZhm rgntkc qdodms ne
ghr bnmedrrhnmr Zmc lZjd Zm dmc ne ld. Ats Zr sghmfr edkk nts, lx onnq
eZsgdq chdc pthsd rtccdmkx sgZs dudmhmf, vghbg ots Zkk nsgdq lZssdqr
nm nmd rhcd. Ntq mZstqZk chrsqdrr, sgd uhrhsr ne sgd mdhfgantqr, sgd
ZqqZmfhmf ne sgd etmdqZk, Zmc Zkk sgd vnqj ne sgd hmm sn ad bZqqhdc nm
hm sgd ldZmvghkd jdos ld rn atrx sgZs H gZc rbZqbdkx shld sn sghmj ne
sgd bZosZhm, eZq kdrr sn ad ZeqZhc ne ghl.

