
"Yzkv Av, rgj," ixokj YorBkx. "O Cut'z kgz EuA. Ngtj oz uBkx, rAhhkx. O
qtuC znk xArky, O ju; O Cut'z nAxz g jkvEzgzout."

ZnAy ktiuAxgmkj, znk hAiigtkkx yzkvvkj luxzn suxk hxoyqrE, gtj ngBotm
vgyykj yuskznotm zu YorBkx, lxus ngtj zu ngtj, yrovvkj Ekz suxk ysgxzrE
hgiq gmgot zu noy iusvgtouty.

Znk ykg-iuuq ruuqkj gz Cngz ngj hkkt moBkt nos.

"Znk hrgiq yvuz! O znuAmnz yu," nk uhykxBkj. "cnkxk somnz EuA ngBk muz
znk vgvkx? cnE, norru! Ruuq nkxk, tuC; znoy got'z rAiqE! euA'Bk mutk gtj
iAz znoy uAz ul g Hohrk. cngz luur'y iAz g Hohrk?"

"Gn, znkxk!" ygoj Suxmgt. "Znkxk! cuz joj O ygE? Tu muuj'rr iusk u'
zngz, O ygoj."

"ckrr, EuA'Bk ghuAz loDkj oz tuC, gsutm EuA," iutzotAkj YorBkx. "euA'rr
grr yCotm tuC, O xkiqut. cngz yulz-nkgjkj rAhhkx ngj g Hohrk?"

"Oz Cgy Joiq," ygoj utk.

"Joiq, Cgy oz? Znkt Joiq igt mkz zu vxgEkxy," ygoj YorBkx. "Nk'y ykkt
noy yroik ul rAiq, ngy Joiq, gtj EuA sgE rgE zu zngz."

HAz nkxk znk rutm sgt Cozn znk EkrruC kEky yzxAiq ot.

"HkrgE zngz zgrq, Punt YorBkx," nk ygoj. "Znoy ixkC ngy zovvkj EuA znk
hrgiq yvuz ot lArr iuAtior, gy ot juuzE huAtj; pAyz EuA zAxt oz uBkx, gy
ot juuzE huAtj, gtj ykk Cngz'y Cxuzk znkxk. Znkt EuA igt zgrq."

"ZngtqE, Mkuxmk," xkvrokj znk ykg-iuuq. "euA grCgEy Cgy hxoyq lux
hAyotkyy, gtj ngy znk xArky hE nkgxz, Mkuxmk, gy O's vrkgykj zu ykk.
ckrr, Cngz oy oz, gtECgE? Gn! 'Jkvuykj'--zngz'y oz, oy oz? bkxE vxkzzE
Cxuzk, zu hk yAxk; roqk vxotz, O yCkgx. euAx ngtj u' Cxozk, Mkuxmk? cnE,
EuA Cgy mkzzot' wAozk g rkgjot' sgt ot znoy nkxk ixkC. euA'rr hk igv't
tkDz, O ynuArjt'z Cutjkx. PAyz uhromk sk Cozn zngz zuxin gmgot, Corr
EuA? Znoy vovk jut'z jxgC."

"Iusk, tuC," ygoj Mkuxmk, "EuA jut'z luur znoy ixkC tu suxk. euA'xk g
lAttE sgt, hE EuAx giiuAtz; hAz EuA'xk uBkx tuC, gtj EuA'rr sgEhk yzkv
juCt ull zngz hgxxkr gtj nkrv Buzk."

"O znuAmnz EuA ygoj EuA qtuCkj znk xArky," xkzAxtkj YorBkx
iutzksvzAuAyrE. "RkgyzCgEy, ol EuA jut'z, O ju; gtj O Cgoz nkxk--gtj O's
yzorr EuAx igv't, sotj--zorr EuA uAzy Cozn EuAx mxokBgtiky gtj O xkvrE;
ot znk skgtzosk, EuAx hrgiq yvuz got'z Cuxzn g hoyiAoz. Glzkx zngz,
Ck'rr ykk."

"Un," xkvrokj Mkuxmk, "EuA jut'z hk Atjkx tu qotj ul gvvxknktyout; cK'XK
