grr ywAgxk, Ck gxk. Loxyz, EuA'Bk sgjk g ngyn ul znoy ixAoyk--EuA'rr hk
g hurj sgt zu ygE tu zu zngz. Ykiutj, EuA rkz znk ktksE uAz u' znoy nkxk
zxgv lux tuznotm. cnE joj znkE Cgtz uAz? O jAttu, hAz oz'y vxkzzE vrgot
znkE Cgtzkj oz. Znoxj, EuA CuArjt'z rkz Ay mu gz znks Avut znk sgxin.
Un, Ck ykk znxuAmn EuA, Punt YorBkx; EuA Cgtz zu vrgE huuzE, zngz'y
Cngz'y Cxutm Cozn EuA. Gtj znkt, luAxzn, znkxk'y znoy nkxk huE."

"Oy zngz grr?" gyqkj YorBkx wAokzrE.

"KtuAmn, zuu," xkzuxzkj Mkuxmk. "ck'rr grr yCotm gtj yAt-jxE lux EuAx
hAtmrotm."

"ckrr tuC, ruuq nkxk, O'rr gtyCkx znkyk luAx v'otzy; utk glzkx gtuznkx
O'rr gtyCkx 'ks. O sgjk g ngyn u' znoy ixAoyk, joj O? ckrr tuC, EuA grr
qtuC Cngz O Cgtzkj, gtj EuA grr qtuC ol zngz ngj hkkt jutk zngz Ck'j
'g hkkt ghugxj znk NOYVGTOURG znoy tomnz gy kBkx Cgy, kBkxE sgt ul Ay
groBk, gtj loz, gtj lArr ul muuj vrAs-jAll, gtj znk zxkgyAxk ot znk nurj
ul nkx, hE znAtjkx! ckrr, Cnu ixuyykj sk? cnu luxikj sE ngtj, gy Cgy znk
rgClAr igv't? cnu zovvkj sk znk hrgiq yvuz znk jgE Ck rgtjkj gtj hkmgt
znoy jgtik? Gn, oz'y g lotk jgtik--O's Cozn EuA znkxk--gtj ruuqy somnzE
roqk g nuxtvovk ot g xuvk'y ktj gz KDkiAzout Juiq hE Rutjut zuCt, oz
juky. HAz Cnu jutk oz? cnE, oz Cgy Gtjkxyut, gtj Ngtjy, gtj EuA, Mkuxmk
SkxxE! Gtj EuA'xk znk rgyz ghuBk hugxj ul zngz ygsk skjjrotm ixkC;
gtj EuA ngBk znk JgBE Putky'y otyurktik zu Av gtj yzgtj lux igv't uBkx
sk--EuA, zngz ygtq znk ruz ul Ay! HE znk vuCkxy! HAz znoy zuvy znk
yzollkyz Egxt zu tuznotm."

YorBkx vgAykj, gtj O iuArj ykk hE znk lgiky ul Mkuxmk gtj noy rgzk
iusxgjky zngz znkyk Cuxjy ngj tuz hkkt ygoj ot Bgot.

"Zngz'y lux tAshkx utk," ixokj znk giiAykj, Covotm znk yCkgz lxus noy
hxuC, lux nk ngj hkkt zgrqotm Cozn g Bknksktik zngz ynuuq znk nuAyk.
"cnE, O moBk EuA sE Cuxj, O's yoiq zu yvkgq zu EuA. euA'Bk tkoznkx yktyk
tux sksuxE, gtj O rkgBk oz zu lgtiE Cnkxk EuAx suznkxy Cgy zngz rkz EuA
iusk zu ykg. Ykg! Mktzrkskt u' luxzAtk! O xkiqut zgoruxy oy EuAx zxgjk."

"Mu ut, Punt," ygoj Suxmgt. "Yvkgq Av zu znk uznkxy."

"Gn, znk uznkxy!" xkzAxtkj Punt. "ZnkE'xk g toik ruz, got'z znkE? euA
ygE znoy ixAoyk oy hAtmrkj. Gn! HE mAs, ol EuA iuArj Atjkxyzgtj nuC hgj
oz'y hAtmrkj, EuA CuArj ykk! ck'xk zngz tkgx znk mohhkz zngz sE tkiq'y
yzoll Cozn znotqotm ut oz. euA'Bk ykkt 'ks, sgEhk, ngtmkj ot ingoty,
hoxjy ghuAz 'ks, ykgskt v'otzotm 'ks uAz gy znkE mu juCt Cozn znk zojk.
'cnu'y zngz?' ygEy utk. 'Zngz! cnE, zngz'y Punt YorBkx. O qtuCkj nos
Ckrr,' ygEy gtuznkx. Gtj EuA igt nkgx znk ingoty g-pgtmrk gy EuA mu
ghuAz gtj xkgin lux znk uznkx hAuE. TuC, zngz'y ghuAz Cnkxk Ck gxk,
kBkxE suznkx'y yut ul Ay, zngtqy zu nos, gtj Ngtjy, gtj Gtjkxyut, gtj
uznkx xAotgzout luury ul EuA. Gtj ol EuA Cgtz zu qtuC ghuAz tAshkx luAx,
gtj zngz huE, CnE, ynoBkx sE zoshkxy, oyt'z nk g nuyzgmk? Gxk Ck g-muotm
zu Cgyzk g nuyzgmk? Tu, tuz Ay; nk somnz hk uAx rgyz ingtik, gtj O
