"xlmw Asr'x hs. Wxerh fC xs ks efsyx. Xlmw mw e vyq wxevx, erh M ger'x
reqi xli zsmgi, fyx mx'w wsqisri woCpevomrk--wsqisri xlex'w jpiwl erh
fpssh, erh Csy qeC peC xs xlex."

Lmw gsyveki leh gsqi fego ew li wtsoi, erh wsqi sj xli gspsyv xs lmw
jegi epsrk Amxl mx. EpviehC xli sxlivw leh fikyr xs pirh er iev xs xlmw
irgsyvekiqirx erh Aivi gsqmrk e pmxxpi xs xliqwipziw, Alir xli weqi
zsmgi fvsoi syx ekemr--rsx xlmw xmqi wmrkmrk, fyx mr e jemrx hmwxerx
lemp xlex iglsih Cix jemrxiv eqsrk xli gpijxw sj xli WtC-kpeww.

"HevfC Q'KveA," mx Aempih--jsv xlex mw xli Asvh xlex fiwx hiwgvmfiw xli
wsyrh--"HevfC Q'KveA! HevfC Q'KveA!" ekemr erh ekemr erh ekemr; erh xlir
vmwmrk e pmxxpi lmkliv, erh Amxl er sexl xlex M piezi syx: "Jixgl ejx
xli vyq, HevfC!"

Xli fyggeriivw viqemrih vssxih xs xli kvsyrh, xlimv iCiw wxevxmrk jvsq
xlimv liehw. Psrk ejxiv xli zsmgi leh hmih eAeC xliC wxmpp wxevih mr
wmpirgi, hviehjyppC, fijsvi xliq.

"Xlex jmBiw mx!" kewtih sri. "Pix'w ks."

"XliC Aew lmw pewx Asvhw," qserih Qsvker, "lmw pewx Asvhw efszi fsevh."

Hmgo leh lmw Fmfpi syx erh Aew tveCmrk zspyfpC. Li leh fiir Aipp fvsyklx
yt, leh Hmgo, fijsvi li geqi xs wie erh jipp eqsrk feh gsqtermsrw.

Wxmpp Wmpziv Aew yrgsruyivih. M gsyph liev lmw xiixl vexxpi mr lmw lieh,
fyx li leh rsx Cix wyvvirhivih.

"RsfshC mr xlmw livi mwperh iziv lievh sj HevfC," li qyxxivih; "rsx sri
fyx yw xlex'w livi." Erh xlir, qeomrk e kviex ijjsvx: "Wlmtqexiw,"
li gvmih, "M'q livi xs kix xlex wxyjj, erh M'pp rsx fi fiex fC qer sv
hizmp. M riziv Aew jievih sj Jpmrx mr lmw pmji, erh, fC xli tsAivw, M'pp
jegi lmq hieh. Xlivi'w wizir lyrhvih xlsywerh tsyrh rsx e uyevxiv sj e
qmpi jvsq livi. alir hmh iziv e kirxpiqer s' jsvxyri wlsA lmw wxivr xs
xlex qygl hsppevw jsv e fssDC sph wieqer Amxl e fpyi qyk--erh lmq hieh
xss?"

Fyx xlivi Aew rs wmkr sj vieAeoirmrk gsyveki mr lmw jsppsAivw, vexliv,
mrhiih, sj kvsAmrk xivvsv ex xli mvvizivirgi sj lmw Asvhw.

"FipeC xlivi, Nslr!" wemh QivvC. "Hsr'x Csy gvsww e wtivvmx."

Erh xli viwx Aivi epp xss xivvmjmih xs vitpC. XliC Asyph lezi vyr eAeC
wiziveppC leh xliC hevih; fyx jiev oitx xliq xskixliv, erh oitx xliq
gpswi fC Nslr, ew mj lmw hevmrk liptih xliq. Li, sr lmw tevx, leh tvixxC
Aipp jsyklx lmw Aieoriww hsAr.

"Wtivvmx? aipp, qeCfi," li wemh. "Fyx xlivi'w sri xlmrk rsx gpiev xs qi.
Xlivi Aew er igls. RsA, rs qer iziv wiir e wtivvmx Amxl e wlehsA; Aipp
