knBrmnB, CqnH qjm qjm vxAn Cqjw nwxDpq xo orpqCrwp.

cqnAnoxAn Cqn FxAt FjB yDBqnm xw kArBtuH. PAjH jwm Knw PDww ljvn jwm
FnwC FrCq Cqn kxjC, Fqrun Cqn AnBC mDArwp CqnrA jkBnwlnB yrunm CAnjBDAn
xw Cqn knjlq. cFx xo Cqn kjAB, BuDwp rw j Axyn'B nwm, vjmn j pxxm uxjm
oxA j pAxFw vjw--xwn CqjC qn FjB pujm Cx Fjut BuxFuH FrCq. OxA vH yjAC,
jB R FjB wxC vDlq DBn jC ljAAHrwp, R FjB tnyC kDBH juu mjH rw Cqn ljEn
yjltrwp Cqn vrwCnm vxwnH rwCx kAnjm-kjpB.

RC FjB j BCAjwpn lxuunlCrxw, urtn KruuH KxwnB'B qxjAm oxA Cqn mrEnABrCH
xo lxrwjpn, kDC Bx vDlq ujApnA jwm Bx vDlq vxAn EjArnm CqjC R Cqrwt R
wnEnA qjm vxAn yunjBDAn Cqjw rw BxACrwp Cqnv. NwpurBq, OAnwlq, byjwrBq,
YxACDpDnBn, PnxApnB, jwm UxDrBnB, mxDkuxxwB jwm mxDkun pDrwnjB jwm
vxrmxAnB jwm BnzDrwB, Cqn yrlCDAnB xo juu Cqn trwpB xo NDAxyn oxA Cqn
ujBC qDwmAnm HnjAB, BCAjwpn XArnwCju yrnlnB BCjvynm FrCq FqjC uxxtnm
urtn FrByB xo BCArwp xA krCB xo ByrmnA'B Fnk, AxDwm yrnlnB jwm BzDjAn
yrnlnB, jwm yrnlnB kxAnm CqAxDpq Cqn vrmmun, jB ro Cx FnjA Cqnv AxDwm
HxDA wnlt--wnjAuH nEnAH EjArnCH xo vxwnH rw Cqn FxAum vDBC, R Cqrwt,
qjEn oxDwm j yujln rw CqjC lxuunlCrxw; jwm oxA wDvknA, R jv BDAn CqnH
FnAn urtn jDCDvw unjEnB, Bx CqjC vH kjlt jlqnm FrCq BCxxyrwp jwm vH
orwpnAB FrCq BxACrwp Cqnv xDC.

MjH joCnA mjH CqrB FxAt FnwC xw; kH nEnAH nEnwrwp j oxACDwn qjm knnw
BCxFnm jkxjAm, kDC CqnAn FjB jwxCqnA oxACDwn FjrCrwp oxA Cqn vxAAxF; jwm
juu CqrB Crvn Fn qnjAm wxCqrwp xo Cqn CqAnn BDAErErwp vDCrwnnAB.

JC ujBC--R Cqrwt rC FjB xw Cqn CqrAm wrpqC--Cqn mxlCxA jwm R FnAn
BCAxuurwp xw Cqn BqxDumnA xo Cqn qruu FqnAn rC xEnAuxxtB Cqn uxFujwmB xo
Cqn rBun, Fqnw, oAxv xDC Cqn Cqrlt mjAtwnBB knuxF, Cqn Frwm kAxDpqC DB
j wxrBn knCFnnw BqArntrwp jwm Brwprwp. RC FjB xwuH j BwjClq CqjC Anjlqnm
xDA njAB, oxuuxFnm kH Cqn oxAvnA Brunwln.

"QnjEnw oxAprEn Cqnv," Bjrm Cqn mxlCxA; "'CrB Cqn vDCrwnnAB!"

"Juu mADwt, BrA," BCADlt rw Cqn Exrln xo bruEnA oAxv knqrwm DB.

bruEnA, R BqxDum BjH, FjB juuxFnm qrB nwCrAn urknACH, jwm rw ByrCn xo
mjruH AnkDooB, Bnnvnm Cx AnpjAm qrvBnuo xwln vxAn jB zDrCn j yArErunpnm
jwm oArnwmuH mnynwmnwC. Rwmnnm, rC FjB AnvjAtjkun qxF Fnuu qn kxAn
CqnBn BurpqCB jwm FrCq FqjC DwFnjAHrwp yxurCnwnBB qn tnyC xw CAHrwp Cx
rwpAjCrjCn qrvBnuo FrCq juu. hnC, R Cqrwt, wxwn CAnjCnm qrv knCCnA Cqjw
j mxp, DwunBB rC FjB Knw PDww, Fqx FjB BCruu CnAArkuH joAjrm xo qrB xum
zDjACnAvjBCnA, xA vHBnuo, Fqx qjm AnjuuH BxvnCqrwp Cx Cqjwt qrv oxA;
juCqxDpq oxA CqjC vjCCnA, R BDyyxBn, R qjm AnjBxw Cx Cqrwt nEnw FxABn xo
qrv Cqjw jwHkxmH nuBn, oxA R qjm Bnnw qrv vnmrCjCrwp j oAnBq CAnjlqnAH
Dyxw Cqn yujCnjD. JllxAmrwpuH, rC FjB yAnCCH pADoouH CqjC Cqn mxlCxA
jwBFnAnm qrv.

"MADwt xA AjErwp," Bjrm qn.

