oalZ lZW hWjeakkagf gX lZW UghqjaYZl ZgdVWj, qgmj mkW SfV VakljaTmlagf
emkl Ugehdq oalZ TglZ hSjSYjShZk 1.w.1 lZjgmYZ 1.w.7 SfV Sfq SVValagfSd
lWjek aehgkWV Tq lZW UghqjaYZl ZgdVWj.  sVValagfSd lWjek oadd TW dafcWV
lg lZW HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le DaUWfkW Xgj Sdd ogjck hgklWV oalZ lZW
hWjeakkagf gX lZW UghqjaYZl ZgdVWj XgmfV Sl lZW TWYaffafY gX lZak ogjc.

1.w.4.  vg fgl mfdafc gj VWlSUZ gj jWegnW lZW Xmdd HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le
DaUWfkW lWjek Xjge lZak ogjc, gj Sfq XadWk UgflSafafY S hSjl gX lZak
ogjc gj Sfq glZWj ogjc SkkgUaSlWV oalZ HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le.

1.w.5.  vg fgl Ughq, VakhdSq, hWjXgje, VakljaTmlW gj jWVakljaTmlW lZak
WdWUljgfaU ogjc, gj Sfq hSjl gX lZak WdWUljgfaU ogjc, oalZgml
hjgeafWfldq VakhdSqafY lZW kWflWfUW kWl XgjlZ af hSjSYjShZ 1.w.1 oalZ
SUlanW dafck gj aeeWVaSlW SUUWkk lg lZW Xmdd lWjek gX lZW HjgbWUl
ymlWfTWjY-le DaUWfkW.

1.w.6.  Qgm eSq UgfnWjl lg SfV VakljaTmlW lZak ogjc af Sfq TafSjq,
UgehjWkkWV, eSjcWV mh, fgfhjghjaWlSjq gj hjghjaWlSjq Xgje, afUdmVafY Sfq
ogjV hjgUWkkafY gj ZqhWjlWpl Xgje.  zgoWnWj, aX qgm hjgnaVW SUUWkk lg gj
VakljaTmlW UghaWk gX S HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le ogjc af S XgjeSl glZWj lZSf
"HdSaf NSfaddS sKuAA" gj glZWj XgjeSl mkWV af lZW gXXaUaSd nWjkagf
hgklWV gf lZW gXXaUaSd HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le oWT kalW (ooo.YmlWfTWjY.gjY),
qgm emkl, Sl fg SVValagfSd Ugkl, XWW gj WphWfkW lg lZW mkWj, hjgnaVW S
Ughq, S eWSfk gX WphgjlafY S Ughq, gj S eWSfk gX gTlSafafY S Ughq mhgf
jWimWkl, gX lZW ogjc af alk gjaYafSd "HdSaf NSfaddS sKuAA" gj glZWj
Xgje.  sfq SdlWjfSlW XgjeSl emkl afUdmVW lZW Xmdd HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le
DaUWfkW Sk khWUaXaWV af hSjSYjShZ 1.w.1.

1.w.7.  vg fgl UZSjYW S XWW Xgj SUUWkk lg, naWoafY, VakhdSqafY,
hWjXgjeafY, UghqafY gj VakljaTmlafY Sfq HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le ogjck
mfdWkk qgm Ugehdq oalZ hSjSYjShZ 1.w.8 gj 1.w.9.

1.w.8.  Qgm eSq UZSjYW S jWSkgfSTdW XWW Xgj UghaWk gX gj hjgnaVafY
SUUWkk lg gj VakljaTmlafY HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le WdWUljgfaU ogjck hjgnaVWV
lZSl

- Qgm hSq S jgqSdlq XWW gX 20% gX lZW Yjgkk hjgXalk qgm VWjanW Xjge
     lZW mkW gX HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le ogjck USdUmdSlWV mkafY lZW eWlZgV
     qgm SdjWSVq mkW lg USdUmdSlW qgmj ShhdaUSTdW lSpWk.  LZW XWW ak
     goWV lg lZW gofWj gX lZW HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY-le ljSVWeSjc, Tml ZW
     ZSk SYjWWV lg VgfSlW jgqSdlaWk mfVWj lZak hSjSYjShZ lg lZW
     HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY DalWjSjq sjUZanW xgmfVSlagf.  JgqSdlq hSqeWflk
     emkl TW hSaV oalZaf 60 VSqk XgddgoafY WSUZ VSlW gf oZaUZ qgm
     hjWhSjW (gj SjW dWYSddq jWimajWV lg hjWhSjW) qgmj hWjagVaU lSp
     jWlmjfk.  JgqSdlq hSqeWflk kZgmdV TW UdWSjdq eSjcWV Sk kmUZ SfV
     kWfl lg lZW HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY DalWjSjq sjUZanW xgmfVSlagf Sl lZW
     SVVjWkk khWUaXaWV af KWUlagf 4, "AfXgjeSlagf STgml VgfSlagfk lg
     lZW HjgbWUl ymlWfTWjY DalWjSjq sjUZanW xgmfVSlagf."

- Qgm hjgnaVW S Xmdd jWXmfV gX Sfq egfWq hSaV Tq S mkWj oZg fglaXaWk
