fsi ujwrfsjsy kzyzwj ktw Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl-yr fsi kzyzwj ljsjwfyntsx.
Yt qjfws rtwj fgtzy ymj Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl QnyjwfwD FwhmnAj Ktzsifynts
fsi mtB Dtzw jkktwyx fsi itsfyntsx hfs mjqu, xjj Xjhyntsx 3 fsi 4
fsi ymj Ktzsifynts Bjg uflj fy myyu://BBB.ulqfk.twl.


Xjhynts 3.  Nsktwrfynts fgtzy ymj Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl QnyjwfwD FwhmnAj
Ktzsifynts

Ymj Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl QnyjwfwD FwhmnAj Ktzsifynts nx f sts uwtkny
501(h)(3) jizhfyntsfq htwutwfynts twlfsnEji zsijw ymj qfBx tk ymj
xyfyj tk Rnxxnxxnuun fsi lwfsyji yfC jCjruy xyfyzx gD ymj Nsyjwsfq
WjAjszj XjwAnhj.  Ymj Ktzsifynts'x JNS tw kjijwfq yfC nijsynknhfynts
szrgjw nx 64-6221541.  Nyx 501(h)(3) qjyyjw nx utxyji fy
myyu://ulqfk.twl/kzsiwfnxnsl.  Htsywngzyntsx yt ymj Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl
QnyjwfwD FwhmnAj Ktzsifynts fwj yfC ijizhyngqj yt ymj kzqq jCyjsy
ujwrnyyji gD Z.X. kjijwfq qfBx fsi Dtzw xyfyj'x qfBx.

Ymj Ktzsifynts'x uwnshnufq tkknhj nx qthfyji fy 4557 Rjqfs Iw. X.
Kfnwgfspx, FP, 99712., gzy nyx Atqzsyjjwx fsi jruqtDjjx fwj xhfyyjwji
ymwtzlmtzy szrjwtzx qthfyntsx.  Nyx gzxnsjxx tkknhj nx qthfyji fy
809 Stwym 1500 bjxy, Xfqy Qfpj HnyD, ZY 84116, (801) 596-1887, jrfnq
gzxnsjxx@ulqfk.twl.  Jrfnq htsyfhy qnspx fsi zu yt ifyj htsyfhy
nsktwrfynts hfs gj ktzsi fy ymj Ktzsifynts'x Bjg xnyj fsi tkknhnfq
uflj fy myyu://ulqfk.twl

Ktw fiinyntsfq htsyfhy nsktwrfynts:
     Iw. LwjltwD G. SjBgD
     Hmnjk JCjhzynAj fsi Inwjhytw
     lgsjBgD@ulqfk.twl


Xjhynts 4.  Nsktwrfynts fgtzy Itsfyntsx yt ymj Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl
QnyjwfwD FwhmnAj Ktzsifynts

Uwtojhy Lzyjsgjwl-yr ijujsix zuts fsi hfssty xzwAnAj Bnymtzy Bnij
xuwjfi uzgqnh xzuutwy fsi itsfyntsx yt hfwwD tzy nyx rnxxnts tk
nshwjfxnsl ymj szrgjw tk uzgqnh itrfns fsi qnhjsxji Btwpx ymfy hfs gj
kwjjqD inxywngzyji ns rfhmnsj wjfifgqj ktwr fhhjxxngqj gD ymj Bnijxy
fwwfD tk jvznurjsy nshqzinsl tzyifyji jvznurjsy.  RfsD xrfqq itsfyntsx
($1 yt $5,000) fwj ufwynhzqfwqD nrutwyfsy yt rfnsyfnsnsl yfC jCjruy
xyfyzx Bnym ymj NWX.

Ymj Ktzsifynts nx htrrnyyji yt htruqDnsl Bnym ymj qfBx wjlzqfynsl
hmfwnynjx fsi hmfwnyfgqj itsfyntsx ns fqq 50 xyfyjx tk ymj Zsnyji
Xyfyjx.  Htruqnfshj wjvznwjrjsyx fwj sty zsnktwr fsi ny yfpjx f
htsxnijwfgqj jkktwy, rzhm ufujwBtwp fsi rfsD kjjx yt rjjy fsi pjju zu
Bnym ymjxj wjvznwjrjsyx.  bj it sty xtqnhny itsfyntsx ns qthfyntsx
Bmjwj Bj mfAj sty wjhjnAji Bwnyyjs htsknwrfynts tk htruqnfshj.  Yt
XJSI ITSFYNTSX tw ijyjwrnsj ymj xyfyzx tk htruqnfshj ktw fsD
