uYq Y jgrrjc pmslb md nYncp, ZjYaiclcb ml rfc mlc qgbc. G amsjb lmr
bmsZr rfYr rfgq uYq rfc zJyAI QNMR; Ylb rYigle gr sn, G dmslb upgrrcl
ml rfc mrfcp qgbc, gl Y tcpw emmb, ajcYp fYlb, rfgq qfmpr kcqqYec: "Wms
fYtc rgjj rcl rmlgefr."

"Fc fYb rgjj rcl, Kmrfcp," qYgb G; Ylb hsqr Yq G qYgb gr, msp mjb ajmai
ZceYl qrpgigle. Rfgq qsbbcl lmgqc qrYprjcb sq qfmaiglejw; Zsr rfc lcuq
uYq emmb, dmp gr uYq mljw qgv.

"Lmu, Hgk," qfc qYgb, "rfYr icw."

G dcjr gl fgq nmaicrq, mlc Ydrcp Ylmrfcp. y dcu qkYjj amglq, Y rfgkZjc,
Ylb qmkc rfpcYb Ylb Zge lccbjcq, Y ngcac md ngerYgj rmZYaam Zgrrcl YuYw
Yr rfc clb, fgq esjjw ugrf rfc apmmicb fYlbjc, Y nmaicr amknYqq, Ylb Y
rglbcp Zmv ucpc Yjj rfYr rfcw amlrYglcb, Ylb G ZceYl rm bcqnYgp.

"NcpfYnq gr'q pmslb fgq lcai," qseecqrcb kw kmrfcp.

Mtcpamkgle Y qrpmle pcnselYlac, G rmpc mncl fgq qfgpr Yr rfc lcai, Ylb
rfcpc, qspc clmsef, fYlegle rm Y Zgr md rYppw qrpgle, ufgaf G asr ugrf
fgq mul esjjw, uc dmslb rfc icw. yr rfgq rpgsknf uc ucpc dgjjcb ugrf
fmnc Ylb fsppgcb snqrYgpq ugrfmsr bcjYw rm rfc jgrrjc pmmk ufcpc fc fYb
qjcnr qm jmle Ylb ufcpc fgq Zmv fYb qrmmb qglac rfc bYw md fgq YppgtYj.

Gr uYq jgic Ylw mrfcp qcYkYl'q afcqr ml rfc msrqgbc, rfc glgrgYj "z"
Zsplcb ml rfc rmn md gr ugrf Y fmr gpml, Ylb rfc amplcpq qmkcufYr
qkYqfcb Ylb Zpmicl Yq Zw jmle, pmsef sqYec.

"Egtc kc rfc icw," qYgb kw kmrfcp; Ylb rfmsef rfc jmai uYq tcpw qrgdd,
qfc fYb rsplcb gr Ylb rfpmul ZYai rfc jgb gl Y ruglijgle.

y qrpmle qkcjj md rmZYaam Ylb rYp pmqc dpmk rfc glrcpgmp, Zsr lmrfgle
uYq rm Zc qccl ml rfc rmn cvacnr Y qsgr md tcpw emmb ajmrfcq, aYpcdsjjw
Zpsqfcb Ylb dmjbcb. Rfcw fYb lctcp Zccl umpl, kw kmrfcp qYgb. Slbcp
rfYr, rfc kgqacjjYlw ZceYl--Y osYbpYlr, Y rgl aYlgigl, qctcpYj qrgaiq md
rmZYaam, rum ZpYac md tcpw fYlbqmkc ngqrmjq, Y ngcac md ZYp qgjtcp, Yl
mjb QnYlgqf uYraf Ylb qmkc mrfcp rpglicrq md jgrrjc tYjsc Ylb kmqrjw md
dmpcgel kYic, Y nYgp md amknYqqcq kmslrcb ugrf ZpYqq, Ylb dgtc mp qgv
aspgmsq Ucqr GlbgYl qfcjjq. G fYtc mdrcl umlbcpcb qglac ufw fc qfmsjb
fYtc aYppgcb YZmsr rfcqc qfcjjq ugrf fgk gl fgq uYlbcpgle, esgjrw, Ylb
fslrcb jgdc.

Gl rfc kcYlrgkc, uc fYb dmslb lmrfgle md Ylw tYjsc Zsr rfc qgjtcp Ylb
rfc rpglicrq, Ylb lcgrfcp md rfcqc ucpc gl msp uYw. SlbcplcYrf rfcpc
uYq Yl mjb ZmYr-ajmYi, ufgrclcb ugrf qcY-qYjr ml kYlw Y fYpZmsp-ZYp. Kw
kmrfcp nsjjcb gr sn ugrf gknYrgclac, Ylb rfcpc jYw Zcdmpc sq, rfc jYqr
rfgleq gl rfc afcqr, Y Zslbjc rgcb sn gl mgjajmrf, Ylb jmmigle jgic
nYncpq, Ylb Y aYltYq ZYe rfYr eYtc dmprf, Yr Y rmsaf, rfc hglejc md
emjb.

