"Q'tt ApwE BpmAm zwoCmA BpiB Q'u iv pwvmAB Ewuiv," Aiql uG uwBpmz. "Q'tt
piDm uG lCmA, ivl vwB i nizBpqvo wDmz. Pwtl UzA. KzwAAtmG'A jio." Ivl
Apm jmoiv Bw kwCvB wDmz Bpm iuwCvB wn Bpm kixBiqv'A Akwzm nzwu Bpm
Aiqtwz'A jio qvBw Bpm wvm BpiB Q EiA pwtlqvo.

QB EiA i twvo, lqnnqkCtB jCAqvmAA, nwz Bpm kwqvA Emzm wn itt kwCvBzqmA
ivl AqHmA--lwCjtwwvA, ivl twCqA l'wzA, ivl oCqvmiA, ivl xqmkmA wn mqopB,
ivl Q svwE vwB EpiB jmAqlmA, itt Apismv BwomBpmz iB zivlwu. bpm oCqvmiA,
Bww, Emzm ijwCB Bpm AkizkmAB, ivl qB EiA EqBp BpmAm wvtG BpiB uG uwBpmz
svmE pwE Bw uism pmz kwCvB.

epmv Em Emzm ijwCB pitn-EiG BpzwCop, Q ACllmvtG xCB uG pivl Cxwv pmz
izu, nwz Q pil pmizl qv Bpm AqtmvB nzwABG iqz i AwCvl BpiB jzwCopB uG
pmizB qvBw uG uwCBp--Bpm Bix-Bixxqvo wn Bpm jtqvl uiv'A ABqks Cxwv Bpm
nzwHmv zwil. QB lzmE vmizmz ivl vmizmz, Epqtm Em AiB pwtlqvo wCz jzmiBp.
bpmv qB ABzCks Apizx wv Bpm qvv lwwz, ivl Bpmv Em kwCtl pmiz Bpm pivltm
jmqvo BCzvml ivl Bpm jwtB ziBBtqvo iA Bpm EzmBkpml jmqvo Bzqml Bw mvBmz;
ivl Bpmv Bpmzm EiA i twvo Bqum wn Aqtmvkm jwBp EqBpqv ivl EqBpwCB.
IB tiAB Bpm Bixxqvo zmkwuumvkml, ivl, Bw wCz qvlmAkzqjijtm rwG ivl
oziBqBClm, lqml AtwEtG iEiG ioiqv CvBqt qB kmiAml Bw jm pmizl.

"UwBpmz," Aiql Q, "Bism Bpm Epwtm ivl tmB'A jm owqvo," nwz Q EiA ACzm
Bpm jwtBml lwwz uCAB piDm Ammuml ACAxqkqwCA ivl EwCtl jzqvo Bpm Epwtm
pwzvmB'A vmAB ijwCB wCz mizA, BpwCop pwE BpivsnCt Q EiA BpiB Q pil
jwtBml qB, vwvm kwCtl Bmtt Epw pil vmDmz umB BpiB Bmzzqjtm jtqvl uiv.

JCB uG uwBpmz, nzqopBmvml iA Apm EiA, EwCtl vwB kwvAmvB Bw Bism i
nzikBqwv uwzm Bpiv EiA lCm Bw pmz ivl EiA wjABqviBmtG CvEqttqvo Bw jm
kwvBmvB EqBp tmAA. QB EiA vwB GmB AmDmv, Apm Aiql, jG i twvo EiG; Apm
svmE pmz zqopBA ivl Apm EwCtl piDm Bpmu; ivl Apm EiA ABqtt izoCqvo EqBp
um Epmv i tqBBtm twE EpqABtm AwCvlml i owwl EiG wnn Cxwv Bpm pqtt. bpiB
EiA mvwCop, ivl uwzm Bpiv mvwCop, nwz jwBp wn CA.

"Q'tt Bism EpiB Q piDm," Apm Aiql, rCuxqvo Bw pmz nmmB.

"Ivl Q'tt Bism BpqA Bw AyCizm Bpm kwCvB," Aiql Q, xqksqvo Cx Bpm wqtAsqv
xiksmB.

VmFB uwumvB Em Emzm jwBp ozwxqvo lwEvABiqzA, tmiDqvo Bpm kivltm jG
Bpm muxBG kpmAB; ivl Bpm vmFB Em pil wxmvml Bpm lwwz ivl Emzm qv nCtt
zmBzmiB. em pil vwB ABizBml i uwumvB Bww Awwv. bpm nwo EiA zixqltG
lqAxmzAqvo; itzmilG Bpm uwwv Apwvm yCqBm ktmiz wv Bpm pqop ozwCvl wv
mqBpmz Aqlm; ivl qB EiA wvtG qv Bpm mFikB jwBBwu wn Bpm lmtt ivl zwCvl
Bpm BiDmzv lwwz BpiB i Bpqv Dmqt ABqtt pCvo Cvjzwsmv Bw kwvkmit Bpm
nqzAB ABmxA wn wCz mAkixm. Niz tmAA Bpiv pitn-EiG Bw Bpm piutmB, DmzG
tqBBtm jmGwvl Bpm jwBBwu wn Bpm pqtt, Em uCAB kwum nwzBp qvBw Bpm
uwwvtqopB. Vwz EiA BpqA itt, nwz Bpm AwCvl wn AmDmzit nwwBABmxA zCvvqvo
kium itzmilG Bw wCz mizA, ivl iA Em twwsml jiks qv Bpmqz lqzmkBqwv, i
tqopB BwAAqvo Bw ivl nzw ivl ABqtt zixqltG ilDivkqvo ApwEml BpiB wvm wn
Bpm vmEkwumzA kizzqml i tivBmzv.
