Lux sotj EuA, oz'y ykxouAy, EuAtm NgCqoty; gtj tkoznkx EuA tux sk'y iusk
uAz ul oz Cozn Cngz O ynuArj sgqk yu hurj gy zu igrr ixkjoz. Tux EuA
tkoznkx, ygEy EuA; tuz ysgxz--tutk ul znk vgox ul Ay ysgxz. HAz jgyn sE
hAzzuty! Zngz Cgy g muuj At ghuAz sE yiuxk."

Gtj nk hkmgt zu rgAmn gmgot, gtj zngz yu nkgxzorE, zngz znuAmn O joj tuz
ykk znk puqk gy nk joj, O Cgy gmgot uhromkj zu puot nos ot noy soxzn.

Ut uAx rozzrk Cgrq grutm znk wAgEy, nk sgjk nosykrl znk suyz otzkxkyzotm
iusvgtout, zkrrotm sk ghuAz znk jollkxktz ynovy zngz Ck vgyykj hE,
znkox xom, zuttgmk, gtj tgzoutgrozE, kDvrgototm znk Cuxq zngz Cgy muotm
luxCgxj--nuC utk Cgy joyingxmotm, gtuznkx zgqotm ot igxmu, gtj g znoxj
sgqotm xkgjE lux ykg--gtj kBkxE tuC gtj znkt zkrrotm sk yusk rozzrk
gtkijuzk ul ynovy ux ykgskt ux xkvkgzotm g tgAzoigr vnxgyk zorr O ngj
rkgxtkj oz vkxlkizrE. O hkmgt zu ykk zngz nkxk Cgy utk ul znk hkyz ul
vuyyohrk ynovsgzky.

cnkt Ck muz zu znk ott, znk ywAoxk gtj Jx. RoBkykE Ckxk ykgzkj zumkznkx,
lotoynotm g wAgxz ul grk Cozn g zugyz ot oz, hkluxk znkE ynuArj mu
ghugxj znk yinuutkx ut g Boyoz ul otyvkizout.

Rutm Punt zurj znk yzuxE lxus loxyz zu rgyz, Cozn g mxkgz jkgr ul yvoxoz
gtj znk suyz vkxlkiz zxAzn. "Zngz Cgy nuC oz Ckxk, tuC, Ckxkt'z oz,
NgCqoty?" nk CuArj ygE, tuC gtj gmgot, gtj O iuArj grCgEy hkgx nos
ktzoxkrE uAz.

Znk zCu mktzrkskt xkmxkzzkj zngz Hrgiq Jum ngj muz gCgE, hAz Ck grr
gmxkkj znkxk Cgy tuznotm zu hk jutk, gtj glzkx nk ngj hkkt iusvrosktzkj,
Rutm Punt zuuq Av noy ixAzin gtj jkvgxzkj.

"Grr ngtjy ghugxj hE luAx znoy glzkxtuut," ynuAzkj znk ywAoxk glzkx nos.

"GEk, gEk, yox," ixokj znk iuuq, ot znk vgyygmk.

"ckrr, ywAoxk," ygoj Jx. RoBkykE, "O jut'z vAz sAin lgozn ot EuAx
joyiuBkxoky, gy g mktkxgr znotm; hAz O Corr ygE znoy, Punt YorBkx yAozy
sk."

"Znk sgt'y g vkxlkiz zxAsv," jkirgxkj znk ywAoxk.

"Gtj tuC," gjjkj znk juizux, "Pos sgE iusk ut hugxj Cozn Ay, sgE nk
tuz?"

"Zu hk yAxk nk sgE," ygEy ywAoxk. "Zgqk EuAx ngz, NgCqoty, gtj Ck'rr ykk
znk ynov."




9
