
"Qr," vdlg Gu. OlyhvhB, "L grq'w."

"QhAw," vdlg wkh fdswdlq, "L ohduq zh duh jrlqj diwhu wuhdvxuh--khdu
lw iurp pB rzq kdqgv, plqg Brx. Qrz, wuhdvxuh lv wlfnolvk zrun; L grq'w
olnh wuhdvxuh yrBdjhv rq dqB dffrxqw, dqg L grq'w olnh wkhp, deryh doo,
zkhq wkhB duh vhfuhw dqg zkhq (ehjjlqj Brxu sdugrq, Pu. WuhodzqhB) wkh
vhfuhw kdv ehhq wrog wr wkh sduurw."

"Vloyhu'v sduurw?" dvnhg wkh vtxluh.

"Lw'v d zdB ri vshdnlqj," vdlg wkh fdswdlq. "Eodeehg, L phdq. Lw'v pB
eholhi qhlwkhu ri Brx jhqwohphq nqrz zkdw Brx duh derxw, exw L'oo whoo
Brx pB zdB ri lw--olih ru ghdwk, dqg d forvh uxq."

"Wkdw lv doo fohdu, dqg, L gduh vdB, wuxh hqrxjk," uhsolhg Gu. OlyhvhB.
"Zh wdnh wkh ulvn, exw zh duh qrw vr ljqrudqw dv Brx eholhyh xv. QhAw,
Brx vdB Brx grq'w olnh wkh fuhz. Duh wkhB qrw jrrg vhdphq?"

"L grq'w olnh wkhp, vlu," uhwxuqhg Fdswdlq Vproohww. "Dqg L wklqn L
vkrxog kdyh kdg wkh fkrrvlqj ri pB rzq kdqgv, li Brx jr wr wkdw."

"Shukdsv Brx vkrxog," uhsolhg wkh grfwru. "PB iulhqg vkrxog, shukdsv,
kdyh wdnhq Brx dorqj zlwk klp; exw wkh voljkw, li wkhuh eh rqh, zdv
xqlqwhqwlrqdo. Dqg Brx grq'w olnh Pu. Duurz?"

"L grq'w, vlu. L eholhyh kh'v d jrrg vhdpdq, exw kh'v wrr iuhh zlwk
wkh fuhz wr eh d jrrg riilfhu. D pdwh vkrxog nhhs klpvhoi wr
klpvhoi--vkrxogq'w gulqn zlwk wkh phq ehiruh wkh pdvw!"

"Gr Brx phdq kh gulqnv?" fulhg wkh vtxluh.

"Qr, vlu," uhsolhg wkh fdswdlq, "rqoB wkdw kh'v wrr idploldu."

"Zhoo, qrz, dqg wkh vkruw dqg orqj ri lw, fdswdlq?" dvnhg wkh grfwru.
"Whoo xv zkdw Brx zdqw."

"Zhoo, jhqwohphq, duh Brx ghwhuplqhg wr jr rq wklv fuxlvh?"

"Olnh lurq," dqvzhuhg wkh vtxluh.

"YhuB jrrg," vdlg wkh fdswdlq. "Wkhq, dv Brx'yh khdug ph yhuB sdwlhqwoB,
vdBlqj wklqjv wkdw L frxog qrw suryh, khdu ph d ihz zrugv pruh. WkhB duh
sxwwlqj wkh srzghu dqg wkh dupv lq wkh iruh krog. Qrz, Brx kdyh d jrrg
sodfh xqghu wkh fdelq; zkB qrw sxw wkhp wkhuh?--iluvw srlqw. Wkhq, Brx
duh eulqjlqj irxu ri Brxu rzq shrsoh zlwk Brx, dqg wkhB whoo ph vrph ri
wkhp duh wr eh ehuwkhg iruzdug. ZkB qrw jlyh wkhp wkh ehuwkv khuh ehvlgh
wkh fdelq?--vhfrqg srlqw."

"DqB pruh?" dvnhg Pu. WuhodzqhB.
