TEVX XLVII--QC Wlsvi Ehzirxyvi




13

LsA QC Wlsvi Ehzirxyvi Fiker

XLI ettievergi sj xli mwperh Alir M geqi sr higo riBx qsvrmrk Aew
epxskixliv glerkih. Epxlsykl xli fviiDi leh rsA yxxivpC giewih, Ai leh
qehi e kviex hiep sj AeC hyvmrk xli rmklx erh Aivi rsA pCmrk figepqih
efsyx lepj e qmpi xs xli wsyxl-iewx sj xli psA iewxivr gsewx.
KviC-gspsyvih Asshw gszivih e pevki tevx sj xli wyvjegi. Xlmw izir xmrx
Aew mrhiih fvsoir yt fC wxvieow sj CippsA werh-fvieo mr xli psAiv perhw,
erh fC qerC xepp xviiw sj xli tmri jeqmpC, syx-xsttmrk xli sxlivw--wsqi
wmrkpC, wsqi mr gpyqtw; fyx xli kirivep gspsyvmrk Aew yrmjsvq erh weh.
Xli lmppw ver yt gpiev efszi xli zikixexmsr mr wtmviw sj reoih vsgo.
Epp Aivi wxverkipC wletih, erh xli WtC-kpeww, Almgl Aew fC xlvii sv jsyv
lyrhvih jiix xli xeppiwx sr xli mwperh, Aew pmoiAmwi xli wxverkiwx mr
gsrjmkyvexmsr, vyrrmrk yt wliiv jvsq epqswx izivC wmhi erh xlir wyhhirpC
gyx sjj ex xli xst pmoi e tihiwxep xs tyx e wxexyi sr.

Xli LMWTERMSPE Aew vsppmrk wgyttivw yrhiv mr xli sgier wAipp. Xli fssqw
Aivi xievmrk ex xli fpsgow, xli vyhhiv Aew ferkmrk xs erh jvs, erh xli
Alspi wlmt gvieomrk, kvsermrk, erh nyqtmrk pmoi e qeryjegxsvC. M leh
xs gpmrk xmklx xs xli fegowxeC, erh xli Asvph xyvrih kmhhmpC fijsvi qC
iCiw, jsv xlsykl M Aew e kssh irsykl wempsv Alir xlivi Aew AeC sr, xlmw
wxerhmrk wxmpp erh fimrk vsppih efsyx pmoi e fsxxpi Aew e xlmrk M riziv
pievrih xs wxerh Amxlsyx e uyepq sv ws, efszi epp mr xli qsvrmrk, sr er
iqtxC wxsqegl.

Tivletw mx Aew xlmw--tivletw mx Aew xli psso sj xli mwperh, Amxl mxw
kviC, qiperglspC Asshw, erh Amph wxsri wtmviw, erh xli wyvj xlex Ai
gsyph fsxl wii erh liev jseqmrk erh xlyrhivmrk sr xli wxiit fiegl--ex
piewx, epxlsykl xli wyr wlsri fvmklx erh lsx, erh xli wlsvi fmvhw Aivi
jmwlmrk erh gvCmrk epp evsyrh yw, erh Csy Asyph lezi xlsyklx erCsri
Asyph lezi fiir kpeh xs kix xs perh ejxiv fimrk ws psrk ex wie, qC lievx
wero, ew xli weCmrk mw, mrxs qC fssxw; erh jvsq xli jmvwx psso srAevh, M
lexih xli zivC xlsyklx sj Xviewyvi Mwperh.

ai leh e hvievC qsvrmrk'w Asvo fijsvi yw, jsv xlivi Aew rs wmkr sj erC
Amrh, erh xli fsexw leh xs fi ksx syx erh qerrih, erh xli wlmt Aevtih
xlvii sv jsyv qmpiw vsyrh xli gsvriv sj xli mwperh erh yt xli revvsA
tewweki xs xli lezir filmrh Woipixsr Mwperh. M zspyrxiivih jsv sri sj
xli fsexw, Alivi M leh, sj gsyvwi, rs fywmriww. Xli liex Aew wAipxivmrk,
erh xli qir kvyqfpih jmivgipC sziv xlimv Asvo. Erhivwsr Aew mr gsqqerh
sj qC fsex, erh mrwxieh sj oiitmrk xli gviA mr svhiv, li kvyqfpih ew
psyh ew xli Asvwx.

