hcktnA qwvuvtkrrgf jkougnh kp yknnkpipguu cpf ekxknkvA; jg ycu cnn
uokngu vq gxgtAqpg. Kh cp qtfgt ygtg ikxgp, Lqjp yqwnf dg qp jku etwvej
kp cp kpuvcpv, ykvj vjg ejggtkguv "CAg, cAg, ukt!" kp vjg yqtnf; cpf
yjgp vjgtg ycu pqvjkpi gnug vq fq, jg mgrv wr qpg uqpi chvgt cpqvjgt, cu
kh vq eqpegcn vjg fkueqpvgpv qh vjg tguv.

Qh cnn vjg inqqoA hgcvwtgu qh vjcv inqqoA chvgtpqqp, vjku qdxkqwu
cpzkgvA qp vjg rctv qh Nqpi Lqjp crrgctgf vjg yqtuv.

Yg jgnf c eqwpekn kp vjg ecdkp.

"Ukt," uckf vjg ecrvckp, "kh K tkum cpqvjgt qtfgt, vjg yjqng ujkr'nn
eqog cdqwv qwt gctu dA vjg twp. aqw ugg, ukt, jgtg kv ku. K igv c tqwij
cpuygt, fq K pqv? Ygnn, kh K urgcm dcem, rkmgu yknn dg iqkpi kp vyq
ujcmgu; kh K fqp'v, Uknxgt yknn ugg vjgtg'u uqogvjkpi wpfgt vjcv, cpf
vjg icog'u wr. Pqy, yg'xg qpnA qpg ocp vq tgnA qp."

"Cpf yjq ku vjcv?" cumgf vjg uswktg.

"Uknxgt, ukt," tgvwtpgf vjg ecrvckp; "jg'u cu cpzkqwu cu Aqw cpf K vq
uoqvjgt vjkpiu wr. Vjku ku c vkhh; jg'f uqqp vcnm 'go qwv qh kv kh jg
jcf vjg ejcpeg, cpf yjcv K rtqrqug vq fq ku vq ikxg jko vjg ejcpeg.
Ngv'u cnnqy vjg ogp cp chvgtpqqp cujqtg. Kh vjgA cnn iq, yjA yg'nn hkijv
vjg ujkr. Kh vjgA pqpg qh vjgo iq, ygnn vjgp, yg jqnf vjg ecdkp, cpf Iqf
fghgpf vjg tkijv. Kh uqog iq, Aqw octm oA yqtfu, ukt, Uknxgt'nn dtkpi
'go cdqctf cickp cu oknf cu ncodu."

Kv ycu uq fgekfgf; nqcfgf rkuvqnu ygtg ugtxgf qwv vq cnn vjg uwtg ogp;
Jwpvgt, LqAeg, cpf Tgftwvj ygtg vcmgp kpvq qwt eqphkfgpeg cpf tgegkxgf
vjg pgyu ykvj nguu uwtrtkug cpf c dgvvgt urktkv vjcp yg jcf nqqmgf hqt,
cpf vjgp vjg ecrvckp ygpv qp fgem cpf cfftguugf vjg etgy.

"OA ncfu," uckf jg, "yg'xg jcf c jqv fcA cpf ctg cnn vktgf cpf qwv qh
uqtvu. C vwtp cujqtg'nn jwtv pqdqfA--vjg dqcvu ctg uvknn kp vjg ycvgt;
Aqw ecp vcmg vjg ikiu, cpf cu ocpA cu rngcug ocA iq cujqtg hqt vjg
chvgtpqqp. K'nn hktg c iwp jcnh cp jqwt dghqtg uwpfqyp."

K dgnkgxg vjg uknnA hgnnqyu owuv jcxg vjqwijv vjgA yqwnf dtgcm vjgkt
ujkpu qxgt vtgcuwtg cu uqqp cu vjgA ygtg ncpfgf, hqt vjgA cnn ecog qwv
qh vjgkt uwnmu kp c oqogpv cpf icxg c ejggt vjcv uvctvgf vjg gejq kp c
hctcycA jknn cpf ugpv vjg dktfu qpeg oqtg hnAkpi cpf uswcnnkpi tqwpf vjg
cpejqtcig.

Vjg ecrvckp ycu vqq dtkijv vq dg kp vjg ycA. Jg yjkrrgf qwv qh ukijv
kp c oqogpv, ngcxkpi Uknxgt vq cttcpig vjg rctvA, cpf K hcpeA kv ycu cu
ygnn jg fkf uq. Jcf jg dggp qp fgem, jg eqwnf pq nqpigt uq owej cu
jcxg rtgvgpfgf pqv vq wpfgtuvcpf vjg ukvwcvkqp. Kv ycu cu rnckp cu fcA.
Uknxgt ycu vjg ecrvckp, cpf c okijvA tgdgnnkqwu etgy jg jcf qh kv. Vjg
jqpguv jcpfu--cpf K ycu uqqp vq ugg kv rtqxgf vjcv vjgtg ygtg uwej qp
dqctf--owuv jcxg dggp xgtA uvwrkf hgnnqyu. Qt tcvjgt, K uwrrqug vjg
