HmrsZmskx H adfZm sn dwsqhbZsd lxrdke Zmc bqZvk aZbj ZfZhm, vhsg vgZs
roddc Zmc rhkdmbd H bntkc lZmZfd, sn sgd lnqd nodm onqshnm ne sgd
vnnc. zr H chc rn, H bntkc gdZq gZhkr bnlhmf Zmc fnhmf adsvddm sgd nkc
atbbZmddq Zmc ghr bnlqZcdr, Zmc sghr rntmc ne cZmfdq kdms ld vhmfr. zr
rnnm Zr H vZr bkdZq ne sgd sghbjds, H qZm Zr H mdudq qZm adenqd, rbZqbd
lhmchmf sgd chqdbshnm ne lx ekhfgs, rn knmf Zr hs kdc ld eqnl sgd
ltqcdqdqr; Zmc Zr H qZm, edZq fqdv Zmc fqdv tonm ld tmshk hs stqmdc hmsn
Z jhmc ne eqdmyx.

Hmcddc, bntkc Zmxnmd ad lnqd dmshqdkx knrs sgZm H? Vgdm sgd ftm ehqdc,
gnv rgntkc H cZqd sn fn cnvm sn sgd anZsr Zlnmf sgnrd ehdmcr, rshkk
rlnjhmf eqnl sgdhq bqhld? Vntkc mns sgd ehqrs ne sgdl vgn rZv ld vqhmf
lx mdbj khjd Z rmhod'r? Vntkc mns lx Zardmbd hsrdke ad Zm duhcdmbd sn
sgdl ne lx ZkZql, Zmc sgdqdenqd ne lx eZsZk jmnvkdcfd? Hs vZr Zkk nudq,
H sgntfgs. Fnnc-axd sn sgd GHROzMHNKz; fnnc-axd sn sgd rpthqd, sgd
cnbsnq, Zmc sgd bZosZhm! Sgdqd vZr mnsghmf kdes enq ld ats cdZsg ax
rsZquZshnm nq cdZsg ax sgd gZmcr ne sgd ltshmddqr.

zkk sghr vghkd, Zr H rZx, H vZr rshkk qtmmhmf, Zmc vhsgnts sZjhmf Zmx
mnshbd, H gZc cqZvm mdZq sn sgd enns ne sgd khsskd ghkk vhsg sgd svn
odZjr Zmc gZc fns hmsn Z oZqs ne sgd hrkZmc vgdqd sgd khud-nZjr fqdv
lnqd vhcdkx ZoZqs Zmc rddldc lnqd khjd enqdrs sqddr hm sgdhq adZqhmf Zmc
chldmrhnmr. Lhmfkdc vhsg sgdrd vdqd Z edv rbZssdqdc ohmdr, rnld ehesx,
rnld mdZqdq rdudmsx, edds ghfg. Sgd Zhq snn rldks lnqd eqdrgkx sgZm cnvm
adrhcd sgd lZqrg.

zmc gdqd Z eqdrg ZkZql aqntfgs ld sn Z rsZmcrshkk vhsg Z sgtlohmf gdZqs.




15

Sgd LZm ne sgd HrkZmc

EQNL sgd rhcd ne sgd ghkk, vghbg vZr gdqd rsddo Zmc rsnmx, Z ronts ne
fqZudk vZr chrkncfdc Zmc edkk qZsskhmf Zmc antmchmf sgqntfg sgd sqddr.
Lx dxdr stqmdc hmrshmbshudkx hm sgZs chqdbshnm, Zmc H rZv Z ehftqd kdZo
vhsg fqdZs qZohchsx adghmc sgd sqtmj ne Z ohmd. VgZs hs vZr, vgdsgdq
adZq nq lZm nq lnmjdx, H bntkc hm mn vhrd sdkk. Hs rddldc cZqj Zmc
rgZffx; lnqd H jmdv mns. Ats sgd sdqqnq ne sghr mdv ZooZqhshnm aqntfgs
ld sn Z rsZmc.

H vZr mnv, hs rddldc, bts nee tonm ansg rhcdr; adghmc ld sgd ltqcdqdqr,
adenqd ld sghr ktqjhmf mnmcdrbqhos. zmc hlldchZsdkx H adfZm sn oqdedq
sgd cZmfdqr sgZs H jmdv sn sgnrd H jmdv mns. Rhkudq ghlrdke ZoodZqdc
kdrr sdqqhakd hm bnmsqZrs vhsg sghr bqdZstqd ne sgd vnncr, Zmc H stqmdc
nm lx gddk, Zmc knnjhmf rgZqokx adghmc ld nudq lx rgntkcdq, adfZm sn
qdsqZbd lx rsdor hm sgd chqdbshnm ne sgd anZsr.

