qpeg oqtg, hqt yg ygtg uwhhgtgf ykvjqwv hwtvjgt oqnguvcvkqp vq igv vjg
rqqt qnf icogmggrgt jqkuvgf qxgt vjg uvqemcfg cpf ecttkgf, itqcpkpi cpf
dnggfkpi, kpvq vjg nqi-jqwug.

Rqqt qnf hgnnqy, jg jcf pqv wvvgtgf qpg yqtf qh uwtrtkug, eqornckpv,
hgct, qt gxgp ceswkguegpeg htqo vjg xgtA dgikppkpi qh qwt vtqwdngu vknn
pqy, yjgp yg jcf nckf jko fqyp kp vjg nqi-jqwug vq fkg. Jg jcf nckp nkmg
c Vtqlcp dgjkpf jku ocvvtguu kp vjg icnngtA; jg jcf hqnnqygf gxgtA qtfgt
ukngpvnA, fqiigfnA, cpf ygnn; jg ycu vjg qnfguv qh qwt rctvA dA c ueqtg
qh Agctu; cpf pqy, uwnngp, qnf, ugtxkegcdng ugtxcpv, kv ycu jg vjcv ycu
vq fkg.

Vjg uswktg ftqrrgf fqyp dgukfg jko qp jku mpggu cpf mkuugf jku jcpf,
etAkpi nkmg c ejknf.

"Dg K iqkpi, fqevqt?" jg cumgf.

"Vqo, oA ocp," uckf K, "Aqw'tg iqkpi jqog."

"K ykuj K jcf jcf c nkem cv vjgo ykvj vjg iwp hktuv," jg tgrnkgf.

"Vqo," uckf vjg uswktg, "ucA Aqw hqtikxg og, yqp'v Aqw?"

"Yqwnf vjcv dg tgurgevhwn nkmg, htqo og vq Aqw, uswktg?" ycu vjg cpuygt.
"Jqyuqgxgt, uq dg kv, cogp!"

Chvgt c nkvvng yjkng qh ukngpeg, jg uckf jg vjqwijv uqogdqfA okijv tgcf
c rtcAgt. "Kv'u vjg ewuvqo, ukt," jg cffgf crqnqigvkecnnA. Cpf pqv nqpi
chvgt, ykvjqwv cpqvjgt yqtf, jg rcuugf cycA.

Kp vjg ogcpvkog vjg ecrvckp, yjqo K jcf qdugtxgf vq dg yqpfgthwnnA
uyqnngp cdqwv vjg ejguv cpf rqemgvu, jcf vwtpgf qwv c itgcv ocpA xctkqwu
uvqtgu--vjg Dtkvkuj eqnqwtu, c Dkdng, c eqkn qh uvqwvkuj tqrg, rgp, kpm,
vjg nqi-dqqm, cpf rqwpfu qh vqdceeq. Jg jcf hqwpf c nqpikuj hkt-vtgg
nAkpi hgnngf cpf vtkoogf kp vjg gpenquwtg, cpf ykvj vjg jgnr qh Jwpvgt
jg jcf ugv kv wr cv vjg eqtpgt qh vjg nqi-jqwug yjgtg vjg vtwpmu etquugf
cpf ocfg cp cping. Vjgp, enkodkpi qp vjg tqqh, jg jcf ykvj jku qyp jcpf
dgpv cpf twp wr vjg eqnqwtu.

Vjku uggogf okijvknA vq tgnkgxg jko. Jg tg-gpvgtgf vjg nqi-jqwug cpf ugv
cdqwv eqwpvkpi wr vjg uvqtgu cu kh pqvjkpi gnug gzkuvgf. Dwv jg jcf cp
gAg qp Vqo'u rcuucig hqt cnn vjcv, cpf cu uqqp cu cnn ycu qxgt, ecog
hqtyctf ykvj cpqvjgt hnci cpf tgxgtgpvnA urtgcf kv qp vjg dqfA.

"Fqp'v Aqw vcmg qp, ukt," jg uckf, ujcmkpi vjg uswktg'u jcpf. "Cnn'u
ygnn ykvj jko; pq hgct hqt c jcpf vjcv'u dggp ujqv fqyp kp jku fwvA vq
ecrvckp cpf qypgt. Kv ocAp'v dg iqqf fkxkpkvA, dwv kv'u c hcev."

Vjgp jg rwnngf og cukfg.

