qbYlY nbY mnlYUgfYn lUh Xiqh Zlig nbY eYnnfY U nbcWe VYX iZ gimm UhX
migY ZYlhm UhX fcnnfY WlYYjcha VombYm qYlY mncff alYYh Ugiha nbY mUhX.
PYls WfimY UliohX nbY mniWeUXY--nii WfimY Zil XYZYhWY, nbYs mUcX--nbY
qiiX mncff ZfiolcmbYX bcab UhX XYhmY, Uff iZ Zcl ih nbY fUhX mcXY, Von
niqUlXm nbY mYU qcnb U fUlaY UXgcrnolY iZ fcpY-iUem.

NbY WifX YpYhcha VlYYtY, iZ qbcWb C bUpY mjieYh, qbcmnfYX nblioab YpYls
Wbche iZ nbY loXY VocfXcha UhX mjlchefYX nbY Zfiil qcnb U WihnchoUf lUch
iZ ZchY mUhX. NbYlY qUm mUhX ch iol YsYm, mUhX ch iol nYYnb, mUhX ch iol
mojjYlm, mUhX XUhWcha ch nbY mjlcha Un nbY Vinnig iZ nbY eYnnfY, Zil Uff
nbY qilfX fceY jillcXaY VYachhcha ni Vicf. Iol WbcghYs qUm U mkoUlY bifY
ch nbY liiZ; cn qUm Von U fcnnfY jUln iZ nbY mgieY nbUn ZiohX cnm qUs
ion, UhX nbY lYmn YXXcYX UVion nbY biomY UhX eYjn om Wioabcha UhX jcjcha
nbY YsY.

uXX ni nbcm nbUn AlUs, nbY hYq gUh, bUX bcm ZUWY ncYX oj ch U VUhXUaY
Zil U Won bY bUX ain ch VlYUecha UqUs Zlig nbY gonchYYlm UhX nbUn jiil
ifX Nig LYXlonb, mncff ohVolcYX, fUs Ufiha nbY qUff, mncZZ UhX mnUle,
ohXYl nbY Ohcih DUWe.

CZ qY bUX VYYh UffiqYX ni mcn cXfY, qY mbiofX Uff bUpY ZUffYh ch nbY
VfoYm, Von wUjnUch MgiffYnn qUm hYpYl nbY gUh Zil nbUn. uff bUhXm qYlY
WUffYX oj VYZilY bcg, UhX bY XcpcXYX om chni qUnWbYm. NbY XiWnil UhX
AlUs UhX C Zil ihY; nbY mkoclY, BohnYl, UhX DisWY ojih nbY inbYl. NclYX
nbioab qY Uff qYlY, nqi qYlY mYhn ion Zil ZclYqiiX; nqi gilY qYlY mYn ni
Xca U alUpY Zil LYXlonb; nbY XiWnil qUm hUgYX Wiie; C qUm jon mYhnls Un
nbY Xiil; UhX nbY WUjnUch bcgmYfZ qYhn Zlig ihY ni UhinbYl, eYYjcha oj
iol mjclcnm UhX fYhXcha U bUhX qbYlYpYl cn qUm qUhnYX.

zlig ncgY ni ncgY nbY XiWnil WUgY ni nbY Xiil Zil U fcnnfY Ucl UhX ni
lYmn bcm YsYm, qbcWb qYlY Ufgimn mgieYX ion iZ bcm bYUX, UhX qbYhYpYl bY
XcX mi, bY bUX U qilX Zil gY.

"NbUn gUh MgiffYnn," bY mUcX ihWY, "cm U VYnnYl gUh nbUh C Ug. uhX qbYh
C mUs nbUn cn gYUhm U XYUf, Dcg."

uhinbYl ncgY bY WUgY UhX qUm mcfYhn Zil U qbcfY. NbYh bY jon bcm bYUX ih
ihY mcXY, UhX fiieYX Un gY.

"Cm nbcm vYh Aohh U gUh?" bY UmeYX.

"C Xi hin ehiq, mcl," mUcX C. "C Ug hin pYls molY qbYnbYl bY'm mUhY."

"CZ nbYlY'm Uhs XioVn UVion nbY gUnnYl, bY cm," lYnolhYX nbY XiWnil. "u
gUh qbi bUm VYYh nblYY sYUlm Vcncha bcm hUcfm ih U XYmYln cmfUhX, Dcg,
WUh'n YrjYWn ni UjjYUl Um mUhY Um sio il gY. Cn XiYmh'n fcY ch bogUh
hUnolY. QUm cn WbYYmY sio mUcX bY bUX U ZUhWs Zil?"

"SYm, mcl, WbYYmY," C UhmqYlYX.

