
govv, kC DrsxqC kD vkCD povv yED, S pyExn kx knwsBklvo yzzyBDExsDI. dro
CAEsBo kxn QBkI GoBo lECI rovzsxq Dro mkzDksx GsDr rsC lkxnkqoC, Dro
mykCD GkC mvokB, S wkno k lyvD pyB sD yFoB Dro CDymukno kxn sxDy Dro
DrsmuoCD yp Dro DBooC, kxn lopyBo wI klCoxmo GkC ylCoBFon S GkC yED yp
mBI yp wI mywzkxsyxC.

drsC GkC wI Comyxn pyvvI, pkB GyBCo Drkx Dro psBCD, kC S vopD lED DGy
CyExn wox Dy qEkBn Dro ryECo; lED vsuo Dro psBCD, sD GkC k rovz DyGkBnC
CkFsxq kvv yp EC.

S Dyyu wI GkI CDBksqrD pyB Dro okCD mykCD yp Dro sCvkxn, pyB S GkC
noDoBwsxon Dy qy nyGx Dro Cok Csno yp Dro CzsD Dy kFysn kvv mrkxmo yp
ylCoBFkDsyx pByw Dro kxmryBkqo. SD GkC kvBoknI vkDo sx Dro kpDoBxyyx,
kvDryEqr CDsvv GkBw kxn CExxI. KC S myxDsxEon Dy DrBokn Dro Dkvv GyynC,
S myEvn rokB pByw pkB lopyBo wo xyD yxvI Dro myxDsxEyEC DrExnoB yp Dro
CEBp, lED k moBDksx DyCCsxq yp pyvskqo kxn qBsxnsxq yp lyEqrC Grsmr
CryGon wo Dro Cok lBooJo rkn CoD sx rsqroB Drkx ECEkv. cyyx myyv
nBkEqrDC yp ksB loqkx Dy Bokmr wo, kxn k poG CDozC pkBDroB S mkwo pyBDr
sxDy Dro yzox lyBnoBC yp Dro qByFo, kxn CkG Dro Cok vIsxq lvEo kxn CExxI
Dy Dro ryBsJyx kxn Dro CEBp DEwlvsxq kxn DyCCsxq sDC pykw kvyxq Dro
lokmr.

S rkFo xoFoB Coox Dro Cok AEsoD ByExn dBokCEBo SCvkxn. dro CEx wsqrD
lvkJo yFoBrokn, Dro ksB lo GsDryED k lBokDr, Dro CEBpkmo CwyyDr kxn
lvEo, lED CDsvv DroCo qBokD ByvvoBC GyEvn lo BExxsxq kvyxq kvv Dro
oHDoBxkv mykCD, DrExnoBsxq kxn DrExnoBsxq lI nkI kxn xsqrD; kxn S CmkBmo
lovsoFo DroBo sC yxo CzyD sx Dro sCvkxn GroBo k wkx GyEvn lo yED yp
okBCryD yp DrosB xysCo.

S Gkvuon kvyxq loCsno Dro CEBp GsDr qBokD oxtyIwoxD, Dsvv, Drsxusxq
S GkC xyG qyD pkB oxyEqr Dy Dro CyEDr, S Dyyu Dro myFoB yp Cywo Drsmu
lECroC kxn mBozD GkBsvI Ez Dy Dro Bsnqo yp Dro CzsD.

Lorsxn wo GkC Dro Cok, sx pByxD Dro kxmryBkqo. dro Cok lBooJo, kC DryEqr
sD rkn Dro CyyxoB lvyGx sDCovp yED lI sDC ExECEkv Fsyvoxmo, GkC kvBoknI
kD kx oxn; sD rkn loox CEmmoonon lI vsqrD, FkBsklvo ksBC pByw Dro CyEDr
kxn CyEDr-okCD, mkBBIsxq qBokD lkxuC yp pyq; kxn Dro kxmryBkqo, ExnoB
voo yp cuovoDyx SCvkxn, vkI CDsvv kxn voknox kC Grox psBCD Go oxDoBon
sD. dro RScZKXSYVK, sx DrkD ExlByuox wsBByB, GkC oHkmDvI zyBDBkIon pByw
Dro DBEmu Dy Dro GkDoBvsxo, Dro TyvvI byqoB rkxqsxq pByw roB zoku.

KvyxqCsno vkI yxo yp Dro qsqC, csvFoB sx Dro CDoBx-CrooDC--rsw S myEvn
kvGkIC BomyqxsJo--Grsvo k myEzvo yp wox GoBo vokxsxq yFoB Dro CDoBx
lEvGkBuC, yxo yp Drow GsDr k Bon mkz--Dro FoBI ByqEo DrkD S rkn Coox
Cywo ryEBC lopyBo CDBsno-voqC Ezyx Dro zkvsCkno. KzzkBoxDvI DroI GoBo
Dkvusxq kxn vkEqrsxq, DryEqr kD DrkD nsCDkxmo--EzGkBnC yp k wsvo--S
myEvn, yp myEBCo, rokB xy GyBn yp GrkD GkC Cksn. Kvv kD yxmo DroBo loqkx
Dro wyCD ryBBsn, ExokBDrvI CmBokwsxq, Grsmr kD psBCD CDkBDvon wo lknvI,
DryEqr S rkn Cyyx BowowloBon Dro Fysmo yp MkzDksx PvsxD kxn oFox DryEqrD
